# STAT 545A Mini-Data-Analysis-1

*Author: "Yuwei Yang"*



The repository [Mini Data Analysis](https://github.com/stat545ubc-2021/Mini-Data-Analysis---Yuwei) was created under the [stat545ubc-2021 GitHub account](https://github.com/stat545ubc-2021)  to complete the [Mini Data-Analysis Deliverable 1](https://stat545.stat.ubc.ca/mini-project/mini-project-1/) for the [STAT545 2021 course](https://stat545.stat.ubc.ca/;). The goals of this first project are to become familiar with the vancouver_trees dataset, think of 4 questions for further analysis, and generate a reproducible clear report using R Markdown. The repository contains a file with graphs and two documents in different formats; markdown (`.md`), and RMarkdown (`.Rmd`).


## Documents on the repository:

1. **README:** contains a description of the project. 

2. **Mini_Data_Analysis 1:** contains the first analysis of vancouver_trees dataset and R code I wrote in order to generate useful information, tibble and plots for the analysis. 

3. **Mini_Data_Analysis_files 1:** contains four graphs generated by R code for Mini_Data_Analysis 1.

4. **Mini_Data_Analysis 2:** contains the second analysis of vancouver_trees dataset and R code I wrote in order to answer the four reseach questions. It contains tibble and plots for the analysis. 

5. **Mini_Data_Analysis_files 2:** contains four graphs generated by R code for Mini_Data_Analysis 2.



## How to run the code?

Markdown (`.md`) and RMarkdown (`.Rmd`) files can be opened and modified using any text editor. However, using Rstudio you can have a more friendly visualization of the code and render it to different file types such as `html` or `pdf` using `Preview` in markdown documents or `Knit` in RMarkdown documents. 
